(RESEARCHER A) Make no mistake,
the fate of Germany and every
other country on Earth depends
on this procedure's success.
(RESEARCHER B) Currently, the
success rate is approximately 20
percent.
(RESEARCHER C) Yes, and if it
works we'll be able to use
organisms other than insects.
(RESEARCHER D) But, must we
subject children to such
experiments?
(RESERARCHER B) We are
completely within the law. The
government has given us full
custody of the children.
(RESEARCHER C) And using them
will significantly extend our
research period.
They're our best shot.
(RESEARCHER D) But a life of
experimentation?
So...?
How 'bout you fella?
Hmm?
[chuckle]
Come now, don't be shy.
We'd hate to resort to another
means of selection.
(YOUNG ADOLF) I...
I'll do it, I'll go.
[chuckle]
(MANAGER) Now that wasn't so
hard, was it?
S1042...
What's your name?
Adolf...
Reinhardt.
(TEAM LEADER) Subject S1042,
Adolf Reinhardt is ready for
surgery.
Commence the Mosaic Organ
Operation.
08 DER ZITTERAAL
[kicking and swiping]]
[grunt]
(ENRIQUE) Typical Isabella...
Out kicking some ass.
I sort of feel bad, she's
fighting all alone out there.
Like we have a choice.
We wouldn't last more than two
seconds fighting those things.
God, we're pathtic.
(MICHELLE) Head directly to the
Annex 1 crash site.
And try to hurry Adolf.
Do not let China and Russia get
there first.
Roger. I'll handle it.
(MICHELLE) Let's hope.
(UAKO) This is ridiculous.
Why'd they use the DNA of such
lame creatures for our
operations?
Seriously, it would have been
nice if our new abilities could
help us to fight.
(ADOLF) You'll just have to use
your heads.
Like it or not, it's all you've
got now.
If you have time to grumble
about your abilities, then you
have time to figure out how to
use them.
But know this...
No one is useless here.
[gasp]
Someone retrieve Isabella. It's
time to go.
Y-Yes sir.
(EVA) We're evading Terraformar
heavy routes before the roaches
appear on radar.
Could that be his special
ability?
We're taking off...
brace yourselv-- huh?
Hang on!
[gasps and panic]
[gasp]
[screams and panic]
[gasps and heavy breathing]
Jijo... Jijo... Jijo...
[gasps]
(ADOLF) That's definetly Squad
4's escape vehicle.
So the squad didn't betray us
after all...
or so it seems.
[chuckle]
[heavy breath]
Don't worry, you're staying.
Now then, we have one objective
Isabella.
Steal back Squad 4's escape
vehicle...
from that inconsiderate
meathead driver.
Right.
(ADOLF) I'll take care of the
three hundred or so pests over
there.
The rest are yours.
God I hate this shit.
[sniff]
(ADOLF) Ya know...
It's really unfair to gang up on
a guy like this.
Human beings, are weak.
(NARRATOR) Electricity. One
unique organism is endowed with
the innate mastery of this
powerful physical phenomenon,
the electric eel.
Found throughout South America,
it tops the Amazonian food
chain.
Despite its name, the serpentian
animal is not a true eel, but is
more closely related to a type
of fish.
And an ordinary fish it is
not.
With the ability to stun or kill
its prey at will, by verying
the intensity of it's elctric
discharge,
the elctric eel has it's own
genus.
Six Terraformar samples
captured.
Well I guess that explaines why
he told us to stay inside.
(UAKU) No shit!
We would've been fried to
a crisp!
(ANTONIO) Yeah, no kidding!
Hey!
Down here, big guy!
Not a bad lookin' bod.
If you weren't such a nasty
roach, you'd so be my type.
(NARRATOR) When the electric eel
discharges electricty, it
shocks itself in the process.
But, a thick layer of fat,
insulates the animal, protecting
it, while keeping fatal damage
at bay.
Similarly, a specially designed
safety system embeded throughout
Adolf's body, keeps him from
harm...
[screaming]
(REASEARCHER B) Success.
(RESEARCHER D) Anymore, however,
and our subject will expire.
(RESEARCHER E) Well done Adolf.
Your electric bursts have become
much more focused.
(RESEARCHER F) Though the
grounding devices could use some
improving.
(RESEARCHER G) Let's call it a
day.
[groaning in pain]
(ADOLF) My life was never mine
to live.
My dreams were fabricated by
the ambitions of others.
A lifetime of military service
and experimentation.
I wanted nothing more than to
break free from the incessant
observations.
I wanted to die.
But then she changed everything.
[gasp]
[sigh]
Hey! You're Adolf Reinhardt...
Aren't you?
We have Spanish Lit class
together...?
Rosa Zypries, remember?
I sit behind you.
No. Sorry.
Oh.
Well that's ok, I'll go ahead
and forgive you this one time.
You don't mind if I sit here,
do you?
No.
That's fine.
It was a day that would change
my life... forever.
Morning!
Ugh, come on! the day's just
started and you're already
slouching around?
R-Right.
Thanks, I guess.
[chuckle]
[sigh] There you go, much
better! Catch you later!
Oh!
(STUDENTS) Hey! Wait, Rosa!
(FEMALE STUDENT A) You know
that guy?
Adolf? Yeah, we're friends.
You dont think he's a bit
creepy?
(ROSA) No! I think he's kind of
sweet  actually.
No way! [giggles] You're kidding
right? You were born on
Christmas day?!
(ADOLF) Yeah.
Well, your mom and dad have it
pretty easy then, don't they?
Sucks for you though... half the
presents.
[chuckle] Oh man that sounds
like a total bummer.
You know what? That sounds
perfect! You two should
celebrate with a date.
Huh?!
What sounds perfect, what do you
mean?
You said yourself you didn't
have any Christmas plans.
How 'bout you Adolf, do you?
What? Oh, well I...
Great! It's a date.
(ROSA) Huh?
Yup!
Seriously?! Impressive Adolf!
Hey! What about me?
(FEMALE STUDENTS) Get outta
here! Don't be gross!
(ADOLF) The museum?
(ROSA) [chuckle] I heard it's
pretty at night.
They've got a lot of cool stuff
around here don't they?
Sorry... maybe this was a bad
idea.
No, no I'm having fun.
Promise?
(CHILD) Mom! You know the
electric eels light up the
Christmas tree! I wanna see! Can
we stay and watch?
Only for a little bit, okay?
Your father is waiting outside.
Thanks mom!
How does it do it?
(MOTHER) Good question sweetie!
Maybe we  can ask a museum
guide.
(ADOLF) They're called
electrocytes.
Huh?
They're cells that are stacked
together making up the elctric
organs inside its body.
Together, these stacked cells
can generate a powewrful
electric shock.
Wow!
It's complicated.
Huh.
(CHILD) Come on electrocytes!
Hey look! They did it! They
did it!  [giggles]
Happy Birthday Adolf!
Awww... Well that's great.
Huh?
It looks too good on you. What
am I supposed to do if the other
girls notice that handsome face
you're hiding?
I don't think you have to worry
about that.
But thanks.
[chuckle]
Well, don't thank me just yet
Adolf.
There's one more.
You really didn't have to do
that.
Oh, come on... just face forward
would ya?
(ADOLF) Wait. What?
Wanna know something?
In my whole entire life...
I've never been happier then I
am now.
(ADOLF) I remember my mothers
words...
They gave me the courage to
accept love.
"I found your father" she said,
"and someday, you too will find
someone to share true love
with."
"Keep your heart open."
And just like she said, I found
her...
or so I thought.
Why do these thoughts plague me?
Why now?
It's all history.
Ghosts of my past.
It was a year ago that I found
out.
A year ago that everything fell
apart.
(ROSA) [crying] I'm so sorry.
I knew it... I knew what I was
doing would hurt you.
I told myself... I had to
stop... to...to end it but,
but I'm... so weak.
I was so lonely...
I... I didn't know what to do.
I know... I'm horrible...
You must hate me.
I don't know who I am anymore.
I know there's nothing I can say
that will ever make it better.
Just please, I beg you, forgive
me!
I promise...
give me one more chance.
I'll never hurt you again.
I love you.
That much I swear to God is
true.
Please...
Adolf!
I love you, believe me.
Please!
I... love you too.
[gasp]
Adolf!
Thank you.
Thank you!
[baby crying]
Hush now. No crying.
Are you hungry little one?
We ran some tests to determine
whether the child inhearated
the Mosaic Organ.
The results are very clear. No
Mosaic Organ was inherated.
I acquired the Mosaic Organ
thorugh transplantation. it
would be unlikely that I would
pass it on.
Indeed. But actually Adolf, it
appears the child inherated
nothing from you.
It shares no genes with you.
I wasn't going to bring this up
to you at all.
But since you're heading to Mars
soon, I wanted to give you a
chance to get things sorted.
(ADOLF) I was crushed.
I couldn't go back to being a
lab animal.
[phone ringing]
Hey... it's me.
I'll be home soon.
I... I love you too.
Kill.
Kill me.
Joji... Joji... Joji...
Come.
I'll kill you all.
to be continued
09 TOO SAD TO DIE